Project state diagram (#5416)
LLK/scratch-gui: README.md

It can be hard to understand the code in src/reducers/project-state.js . There are several types of data and functions used, which relate to each other:

### Loading states

These include state constant strings like:

* `NOT_LOADED` (the default state),
* `ERROR`,
* `FETCHING_WITH_ID`,
* `LOADING_VM_WITH_ID`,
* `REMIXING`,
* `SHOWING_WITH_ID`,
* `SHOWING_WITHOUT_ID`,
* etc.

### Transitions

These are names for the action which causes a state change. Some examples are:

* `START_FETCHING_NEW`,
* `DONE_FETCHING_WITH_ID`,
* `DONE_LOADING_VM_WITH_ID`,
* `SET_PROJECT_ID`,
* `START_AUTO_UPDATING`,

### How transitions relate to loading states

As this diagram of the project state machine shows, various transition actions can move us from one loading state to another:

![Project state diagram](docs/project_state_diagram.svg)

_Note: for clarity, the diagram above excludes states and transitions relating to error handling._

> #### Example

Reviewer: The example is helpful, but I'd like to see examples corresponding to the states it goes through in an example scenario. So this could be the flow corresponding to clicking on a project link on the home page. It would only need the NOT_LOADED state added.

Author: I looked at your suggestion and revised the wording and diagram. What do you think?

![Project state example](docs/project_state_example.png)

> For example, suppose the project state machine is currently in the `FETCHING_WITH_ID` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of viewing an existing project, such as clicking the project on the home page. Immediately after the `NOT_LOADED` it switches to the `FETCHING_WITH_ID` state.
```

Author: I looked at your suggestion and revised the wording and diagram. What do you think?
